Since Mr. Gu thinks my private life is chaotic
Affected the company's image
Then I'll quit.
Jiang Yini, you
Uh, Mr. Gu
Here is a copy of your zero file
I need you to sign it.
Hey
Wait a minute.
Xiaoxue, our stories have always been people-oriented
What about this female employee who fired during pregnancy?
It's not humanitarian.
You and I will contact the little secretary immediately.
There are more
You tell him.
Our story will be about
During pregnancy, female employees are paid a stipend
OK
The teaching secretary just replied to me that
No.
What?
shy
Why are you here?
I heard this guy say you're pregnant.
Why didn't you tell me such a big deal?
Hey, wasn't I afraid you would be worried?
I hear it's too late for you to be happy
Look, these are the bird's nests I bought for you
Bought a tire
Thank you. Thank you.
You're welcome
The child in your belly
You have to call me godmother
Look at you
I've lost weight
I'll cook a bowl for you and make it up, okay?